Customize your fork
------

[中文版本文档 (Chinese documentation)](./CUSTOMIZE_ZH.md)

You can fork this project and start a customization for your favourite VTubers.

There are changes you have to make:

## Application id & Package name

Android uses application id to identify different applications. If two packages have the same id, they can't be installed at the same devices.

You need change application id in [`app/build.gradle`](../app/build.gradle) at first:

```groovy
android {
    ...

    defaultConfig {
        // Replace with your new application id. For example, "aquacrew.matsuributton"
        applicationId "aquacrew.aquabutton"

        ...
    }
}
```

And change package name in [`AndroidManifest.xml`](../app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml):

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<manifest ...
    package="aquacrew.aquabutton">
    <!-- ↑ Replace package attribute with the same application id -->

    ...

</manifest>
```

Now you can attempt to compile app module to test if application id and package name is changed successfully.

Generally, you will see some compile error that point out `aquacrew.aquabutton.R` and `aquacrew.aquabutton.BuildConfig` classes is missing.

Because the package of `R` and `BuildConfig` are generated by package name defined in `AndroidManifest.xml`.

We recommend you to add missing import statement to fix instead of refactoring all source code to new package. That makes it easier to merge original repo commits into your fork.

If you still meet compile error, you can send an issue or find an existing issue about the same problem.

## Implement your API

Currently, we use voice assets in [zyzsdy/aqua-button (AquaButton Web)](https://github.com/zyzsdy/aqua-button) without any self-hosted service/CDN. And it provides voices of Minato Aqua only.

To provide voices data of your favourite VTuber, you should implement [`IAssetsApiProvider`](../app/src/main/java/aquacrew/aquabutton/api/provider/IAssetsApiProvider.kt). (Sample implementation: [`AquaButtonApiProvider`](../app/src/main/java/aquacrew/aquabutton/api/provider/AquaButtonApiProvider.kt))

Then edit `onCreate` method in [`AquaApp`](../app/src/main/java/aquacrew/aquabutton/AquaApp.kt):

```kotlin
override fun onCreate() {
    ...
    // Install api provider implementation on application create
    AssetsApi.installProvider(MyVTuberApiProvider())

    ...
}
```

## Edit text resources

Use a new app name by editing `app_name` in [`strings.xml`](../app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml).

There are some VTuber public info and copyright info in [`vtuber_strings.xml`](../app/src/main/res/values/vtuber_strings.xml).

Don't forget to edit all translation edition or delete untranslated `vtuber_strings.xml` in `values-XX` resources folders.

## Edit your logo

Replace launcher icon and main logo with your artwork.
